Doc tweaks (#283)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/intro-to-boost.mdx

The basic idea is to allow Liquidity Providers (LPs) to place collateral in shared *Boost* pools to be used as collateral for incoming deposits.

When *Boost* is enabled, a deposit is pre-witnessed (i.e. recognized by a majority of validators as having
been included in a block on the source chain), by checking that there is enough collateral in
the *Boost* pools.

If there is, this collateral will be used in place of the deposit (minus a *Boost* fee), allowing the 
swap to be executed early.

The LPs take the risk on that deposit being confirmed at a later point once the safety margin
has been reached.

<Callout type="info">
Learn more about risks of providing *Boost* liquidity [here](../lp/boost/how-boost-works#boost-risks).
</Callout>

### Example: Boost BTC to ETH swap

1. A user states the intention to swap a given amount of BTC to ETH with *Boost* feature enabled
2. The protocol [opens a *boosteable* Swap Deposit Channel](../concepts/swaps-amm/deposit-channels-and-brokers#opening-deposit-channels) and generates a Bitcoin deposit address
3. The user sends the desired amount of BTC to the generated deposit address

> 3. The protocol attempts to [*Boost* the incoming deposit](../lp/boost/how-boost-works#boosting-a-deposit), by checking the available *Boost* liquidity provided by LPs
> 4. If there is enough collateral in the *Boost* pools, the protocol pre-witness the deposit **after it has been included in a block**, minus a small *Boost* fee
> 5. As soon as the [deposit is witnessed](../concepts/validator-network/ingress-witnessing-deposits#witnessing), the swap is triggered by the [JIT AMM](../concepts/swaps-amm/just-in-time-amm-protocol), and [sends the resulting ETH](../concepts/validator-network/egress-broadcasting-funds) to the destination address
> 6. The user receives ETH, saving ±20 minutes of total swap time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The protocol attempts to [*Boost* the incoming deposit](../lp/boost/how-boost-works#boosting-a-deposit), by checking the available *Boost* liquidity provided by LPs
5. If there is enough collateral in the *Boost* pools, the protocol boosts the deposit **after it has been included in a block (pre-witnessed)**, deducting a small *Boost* fee from the total deposited amount
6. As soon as the deposit is pre-witnessed and boosted, the swap is triggered by the [JIT AMM](../concepts/swaps-amm/just-in-time-amm-protocol), and [sends the resulting ETH](../concepts/validator-network/egress-broadcasting-funds) to the destination address
7. The user receives ETH, saving ±20 minutes of total swap time
```

<Callout type="warning">
If there isn't enough collateral in the *Boost* pools, the protocol defaults to witness the deposit with regular block confirmations and **no *Boost* fee is applied**.
</Callout>

## Considerations

- The protocol will attempt to Boost *any* amount sent after one block confirmation, if Boost liquidity is available.

> - The user's intended amount acts as an upper limit; anything less increases the chances of a successful boost

Reviewer: I don't think we need this as it is not accurate.
```suggestion

```
